what happened here , honourable senators , last Tuesday ? 
a bunch of selection committee was . 
yesterday I attended the meeting of the first to committee . 
i rise to do what it really know what to do with the Senate surprised that the committee and independent . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years . 
it is important , supposedly , a new Senate committee to determine what sit committee , as some of these senators . 
i am therefore sitting of the committee to realize that one of the new yesterday was introduced in the Senate of missing . 
it was sent a replacement . 
one name honourable senators , I do . 
you will see that I am kind ' t it ? 
that was the fault of their own senators will have to find research . 
one must accept it , do the job when a . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
they have much more remplissaient that the majority of the men and in the Senate . 
i remember that the hold committee held in February of veterans of the to the 1998 . 
it is time or sitting in the House of Commons that the Senate Ni . 
they sat in the proceedings of the Senate committee , all three of women . 
the Senate is a man was to find the leadership of the committee . 
i could cite the word , senator Carstairs took to answer the question I asked word , as the hon. . 
i asked him Quels were the criteria are as follows : " ? " 
it was the first was that the representation of women in a report to address it . 
it was written on that the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i have been replaced by on this issue in the Senate Finestone , for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
when the House , I do not know how much about these two reports will be no Senate honourable . 
the verdict is that each senators on television . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
let us say that ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact it should be translated . 
i do not think the option to . 
it should accept or in a position , if it is a part of the Senate committee meetings all intended . 
the words in which we are not the corridors of members : 
do you today and in committee to study after two years , there is a final question " Présentez in committee '' . 
they do not know what is viewed as they came to power , but when they stand their stand to them . 
they do not know what happened no . 
the words " and " continuité dedication to the Senate are in our honourable way '' , " speech . 
in the next two weeks , to look at the way we will start the Senate independent into . 
if we do not do my own créerai parliamentarians who are concerned about the business of the international committee , I . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if you want any other hon. Senator , honourable , is it the pleasure of the Senate , it is up to the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
